Update documentation for 0.20 (#124)
AssemblyScript/website: src/stdlib/globals.md

  function parseFloat(str: string): f64
  ```
  Parses a string to a 64-bit float. Returns `NaN` on invalid inputs.

## Builtins

> The following builtins provide direct access to WebAssembly and compiler features. They form the low-level foundation of the standard library, for example, while also being available for everyone to utilize where directly tapping into WebAssembly or the compiler is desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following builtins provide direct access to WebAssembly and compiler features. They form the low-level foundation of the standard library, while also being available for everyone to utilize where directly tapping into WebAssembly or the compiler is desired.
```

* ```ts
  function isString<T>(value?: T): bool
  ```
  Tests if the specified type _or_ expression can be used as a string. Compiles to a constant.

* ```ts
  function isArray<T>(value?: T): bool
  ```
  Tests if the specified type _or_ expression can be used as an array. Compiles to a constant.

* ```ts
  function isFunction<T>(value?: T): bool
  ```
  Tests if the specified type _or_ expression is of a function type. Compiles to a constant.

* ```ts
  function isNullable<T>(value?: T): bool
  ```
  Tests if the specified type _or_ expression is of a nullable reference type. Compiles to a constant.

* ```ts
  function isDefined(expression: auto): bool
  ```
  Tests if the specified expression resolves to a defined element. Compiles to a constant.

* ```ts
  function isConstant(expression: auto): bool
  ```
  Tests if the specified expression evaluates to a constant value. Compiles to a constant.

* ```ts
  function isManaged<T>(expression: auto): bool
  ```
  Tests if the specified type _or_ expression is of a managed type. Compiles to a constant. Usually only relevant when implementing custom collection-like classes.

> #### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example of static type checking
```

```ts
function add<T>(a: T, b: T): T {
  return a + b // addition if numeric, string concatenation if a string
}

function add<T>(a: T, b: T): T {
  if (isString<T>()) { // eliminated if T is not a string
    return parseInt(a) + parseInt(b)
  } else { // eliminated if T is a string
    return a + b
  }
}
```

::: tip

> If you are not going to use low-level WebAssembly in the foreseeable future, feel free to come back to the following paragraphs at a later time and continue at the next page[ ](./loader.md)right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not going to use low-level WebAssembly in the foreseeable future, feel free to come back to the following paragraphs at a later time and [continue to the next page](./loader.md) right away.
```

:::

> ### Utility

Reviewer: Seems like `Utilities` could be a better name

* ```ts
  function sizeof<T>(): usize
  ```

>   Determines the byte size of the respective _basic type_. Means: If `T` is a class type, the size of `usize` is returned. To obtain the size of a class in memory, use `offsetof<T>()` instead. Compiles to a constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Determines the byte size of the respective _basic type_. Means: If `T` is a class type, the size of `usize`, the pointer type, is returned. To obtain the size of a class in memory, use `offsetof<T>()` instead. Compiles to a constant.
```

* ```ts
  function offsetof<T>(fieldName?: string): usize
  ```

>   Determines the offset of the specified field within the given class type. Returns the class type's end offset \(means: where the next field would be located, before alignment\) if field name has been omitted. Compiles to a constant. The `fieldName` argument must be a compile-time constant `string` because there is no information about field names anymore in the final binary. Hence, the field's name must be known at the time the returned constant is computed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Determines the offset of the specified field within the given class type. If `fieldName` is omitted, this returns what could be interpreted as either the size of the class, or the offset where the next field would be located, before alignment. Compiles to a constant. The `fieldName` argument must be a compile-time constant `string` because there is no information about field names anymore at runtime. Therefore, the field's name must be known at the time the returned constant is computed.
```

* ```ts
  function alignof<T>(): usize
  ```

>   Determines the alignment \(log2\) of the specified underlying _basic type_. Means: If `T` is a class type, the alignment of `usize` is returned. Compiles to a constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Determines the alignment \(log2\) of the specified underlying _basic type_; i.e. if `T` is a class type, the alignment of `usize` is returned. Compiles to a constant.
```

* ```ts
  function assert<T>(isTrueish: T, message?: string): T
  ```

>   Traps if the specified value is not true-ish, otherwise returns the non-nullable value. Like assertions in C, aborting the entire program if the expectation fails, with the `--noAssert` option to disable all assertions in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Traps if the specified value is not true-ish, otherwise returns the non-nullable value. Like assertions in C, aborting the entire program if the expectation fails. There is a [compiler `--noAssert` option](./compiler.md) to disable all assertions in production.
```

* ```ts
  function instantiate<T>(...args: auto[]): T
  ```
  Instantiates a new instance of `T` using the specified constructor arguments.

* ```ts
  function changetype<T>(value: auto): T
  ```
  Changes the type of a value to another one. Useful for casting class instances to their pointer values and vice-versa.

* ```ts
  function idof<T>(): u32
  ```
  Obtains the computed unique id of a class type. Usually only relevant when allocating objects or dealing with RTTI externally.

* ```ts
  function nameof<T>(value?: T): string
  ```

>   Determines the name of a given type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Returns the name of a given type.
```

  ```
  <details><summary>Performs the floor operation on a 32-bit or 64-bit float.</summary>

  | T                                          | Instruction
  |--------------------------------------------|-------------
  | f32                                        | f32.floor
  | f64                                        | f64.floor
  | i8, u8, i16, u16, i32, u32, i64, u64, bool | *none*
  </details>

* ```ts
  function copysign<T>(x: T , y: T): T
  ```
  <details><summary>Composes a 32-bit or 64-bit float from the magnitude of <code>x</code> and the sign of <code>y</code>.</summary>

  | T   | Instruction
  |-----|-------------
  | f32 | f32.copysign
  | f64 | f64.copysign
  </details>

* ```ts
  function nearest<T>(value: T): T
  ```
  <details><summary>Rounds to the nearest integer tied to even of a 32-bit or 64-bit float.</summary>

  | T                                          | Instruction
  |--------------------------------------------|-------------
  | f32                                        | f32.nearest
  | f64                                        | f64.nearest
  | i8, u8, i16, u16, i32, u32, i64, u64, bool | *none*
  </details>

* ```ts

>   function reinterpret<TTo>(value: auto): T

Reviewer: Is `TTo` here intended?

Author: Yes, denotes that the output type (the type reinterpreted "to") is provided, not the input type. Missed that the returned `T` should be `TTo` as well.

  |----------|-------------
  | i32, u32 | i32.reinterpret_f32
  | i64, u64 | i64.reinterpret_f64
  | f32      | f32.reinterpret_i32
  | f64      | f64.reinterpret_i64
  </details>

* ```ts
  function sqrt<T>(value: T): T
  ```
  <details><summary>Calculates the square root of a 32-bit or 64-bit float.</summary>

  | T   | Instruction
  |-----|-------------
  | f32 | f32.sqrt
  | f64 | f64.sqrt
  </details>

* ```ts
  function trunc<T>(value: T): T
  ```
  <details><summary>Rounds to the nearest integer towards zero of a 32-bit or 64-bit float.</summary>

  | T                                          | Instruction
  |--------------------------------------------|-------------
  | f32                                        | f32.trunc
  | f64                                        | f64.trunc
  | i8, u8, i16, u16, i32, u32, i64, u64, bool | *none*
  </details>

#### Memory

Similarly, the following built-ins emit WebAssembly instructions accessing or otherwise modifying memory.

* ```ts
  function load<T>(ptr: usize, immOffset?: usize): T
  ```
  <details><summary>Loads a value of the specified type from memory. Equivalent to dereferencing a pointer in other languages.</summary>

>   | T        | Instruction  | If context is i64

Reviewer: Elaborate what an `i64` context is here?

  :::

* ```ts
  function memory.size(): i32
  ```
  Returns the current size of the memory in units of pages. One page is 64kb.

* ```ts
  function memory.grow(value: i32): i32
  ```
  Grows linear memory by a given unsigned delta of pages. One page is 64kb. Returns the previous size of the memory in units of pages or `-1` on failure.

  ::: warning
  Calling `memory.grow` where a memory manager is present might break it.
  :::

* ```ts
  function memory.copy(dst: usize, src: usize, n: usize): void
  ```
  Copies `n` bytes from `src` to `dst` . Regions may overlap. Emits the respective instruction if bulk-memory is enabled, otherwise ships a polyfill.

* ```ts
  function memory.fill(dst: usize, value: u8, n: usize): void
  ```
  Fills `n` bytes at `dst` with the given byte `value`. Emits the respective instruction if bulk-memory is enabled, otherwise ships a polyfill.

* ```ts
  function memory.repeat(dst: usize, src: usize, srcLength: usize, count: usize): void
  ```
  Repeats a sequence of bytes given as `src` with `srcLength` `count` times into destination `dst`.

* ```ts
  function memory.compare(lhs: usize, rhs: usize, n: usize): i32
  ```

>   Compares the first `n` bytes of `left` and `rigth` and returns a value that indicates their relationship:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Compares the first `n` bytes of `left` and `right` and returns a value that indicates their relationship:
```

  - **Negative** value if the first differing byte in `lhs` is less than the corresponding byte in `rhs`.
  - **Positive** value if the first differing byte in `lhs` is greater than the corresponding byte in `rhs`.
  - **Zero​** if all `n` bytes of `lhs` and `rhs` are equal.

* ```ts
  function memory.data(size: i32, align?: i32): usize
  ```
  Gets a pointer to a zeroed static chunk of memory of the given size. Alignment defaults to `16`. Arguments must be compile-time constants.

* ```ts
  function memory.data<T>(values: T[], align?: i32): usize
  ```
  Gets a pointer to a pre-initialized static chunk of memory. Alignment defaults to the size of `T`. Arguments must be compile-time constants.

> The `immOffset` argument is a bit special here, because it becomes an actual immediate of the respective WebAssembly instruction instead of a normal operand. Thus it must be provided as a compile time constant value. This can be a literal or the value of a `const` variable that the compiler can precompute.

Reviewer: Surround this in a tip or warning?

#### Control flow

* ```ts
  function select<T>(ifTrue: T, ifFalse: T, condition: bool): T
  ```

>   Selects one of two pre-evaluated values depending on the condition. Differs from an `if/else` in that both arms are always executed and the final value is picked based on the condition afterwards. Performs better than an `if/else` only if the condition is random \(means: branch prediction is not going to perform well\) and both alternatives are cheap. It is also worth to note that Binaryen will do relevant optimizations like switching to a `select` automatically, so using a ternary `? :` for example is just fine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Selects one of two pre-evaluated values depending on the condition. Differs from an `if/else` in that both arms are always executed and the final value is picked based on the condition afterwards. Performs better than an `if/else` only if the condition is random \(means: branch prediction is not going to perform well\) and both alternatives are cheap. It is also worth to note that Binaryen will do relevant optimizations like switching to a `select` automatically, so using a ternary `? :` may be preferable.
```

* ```ts
  function atomic.add<T>(ptr: usize, value: T, immOffset?: usize): T
  ```
  Atomically adds an integer value in memory.

* ```ts
  function atomic.sub<T>(ptr: usize, value: T, immOffset?: usize): T
  ```
  Atomically subtracts an integer value in memory.

* ```ts
  function atomic.and<T>(ptr: usize, value: T, immOffset?: usize): T
  ```
  Atomically performs a bitwise AND operation on an integer value in memory.

* ```ts
  function atomic.or<T>(ptr: usize, value: T, immOffset?: usize): T
  ```
  Atomically performs a bitwise OR operation on an integer value in memory.

* ```ts
  function atomic.xor<T>(ptr: usize, value: T, immOffset?: usize): T
  ```
  Atomically performs a bitwise XOR operation on an integer value in memory.

* ```ts
  function atomic.xchg<T>(ptr: usize, value: T, immOffset?: usize): T
  ```
  Atomically exchanges an integer value in memory.

* ```ts
  function atomic.cmpxchg<T>(ptr: usize, expected: T, replacement: T, immOffset?: usize): T
  ```
  Atomically compares and exchanges an integer value in memory if the condition is met.

* ```ts
  function atomic.wait<T>(ptr: usize, expected: T, timeout: i64): AtomicWaitResult
  ```

>   Performs a wait operation on an address in memory suspending this agent if the integer condition is met. Return values are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Performs a wait operation on an address in memory, suspending this agent if the integer condition is met. Return values are
```

  | Value | Description
  | :---- | :----------
  | 0     | OK - Woken by another agent.
  | 1     | NOT\_EQUAL - Loaded value did not match the expected value.
  | 2     | TIMED\_OUT - Not woken before the timeout expired.

* ```ts
  function atomic.notify(ptr: usize, count: i32): i32
  ```
  Performs a notify operation on an address in memory waking up suspended agents.

* ```ts
  function atomic.fence(): void
  ```
  Performs a fence operation, preserving synchronization guarantees of higher level languages.

> Again, the `immOffset` argument must be a compile time constant value.

Reviewer: Surround this with a tip here too or maybe even remove?

  | T        | Instruction
  |----------|-------------
  | i8, u8   | i8x16.bitmask
  | i16, u16 | i16x8.bitmask
  | i32, u32 | i32x4.bitmask
  | i64, u64 | i64x2.bitmask
  </details>

* ```ts
  function v128.popcnt<T>(a: v128): v128
  ```
  <details><summary>Counts the number of bits set to one within each lane.</summary>

  | T      | Instruction
  |--------|-------------
  | i8, u8 | i8x16.popcnt
  </details>

* ```ts
  function v128.min<T>(a: v128, b: v128): v128
  ```
  <details><summary>Computes the minimum of each lane.</summary>

  | T   | Instruction
  |-----|-------------
  | i8  | i8x16.min_s
  | u8  | i8x16.min_u
  | i16 | i16x8.min_s
  | u16 | i16x8.min_u
  | i32 | i32x4.min_s
  | u32 | i32x4.min_u
  | f32 | f32x4.min
  | f64 | f64x2.min
  </details>

* ```ts
  function v128.max<T>(a: v128, b: v128): v128
  ```
  <details><summary>Computes the maximum of each lane.</summary>

  | T   | Instruction
  |-----|-------------
  | i8  | i8x16.max_s
  | u8  | i8x16.max_u
  | i16 | i16x8.max_s
  | u16 | i16x8.max_u
  | i32 | i32x4.max_s
  | u32 | i32x4.max_u
  | f32 | f32x4.max
  | f64 | f64x2.max
  </details>

* ```ts
  function v128.pmin<T>(a: v128, b: v128): v128
  ```

>   <details><summary>Computes the psuedo-minimum of each lane.</summary>

Reviewer: Elaborate on what these "pseudo" minimums and maximums are?

Author: This one is taken right from the specification I believe because I couldn't find a proper explanation. Agree that we should explain it in more detail.

  |----------|-------------
  | i8, u8   | i8x16.abs
  | i16, u16 | i16x8.abs
  | i32, u32 | i32x4.abs
  | i64, u64 | i64x2.abs
  | f32      | f32x4.abs
  | f64      | f64x2.abs
  </details>

* ```ts
  function v128.sqrt<T>(a: v128): v128
  ```
  <details><summary>Computes the square root of each floating point lane.</summary>

  | T   | Instruction
  |-----|-------------
  | f32 | f32x4.sqrt
  | f64 | f64x2.sqrt
  </details>

* ```ts
  function v128.ceil<T>(a: v128): v128
  ```
  <details><summary>Performs the ceiling operation on each lane.</summary>

  | T   | Instruction
  |-----|-------------
  | f32 | f32x4.ceil
  | f64 | f64x2.ceil
  </details>

* ```ts
  function v128.floor<T>(a: v128): v128
  ```
  <details><summary>Performs the floor operation on each lane.</summary>

  | T   | Instruction
  |-----|-------------
  | f32 | f32x4.floor
  | f64 | f64x2.floor
  </details>

* ```ts
  function v128.trunc<T>(a: v128): v128
  ```
  <details><summary>Rounds to the nearest integer towards zero of each lane.</summary>

  | T   | Instruction
  |-----|-------------
  | f32 | f32x4.trunc
  | f64 | f64x2.trunc
  </details>

* ```ts
  function v128.nearest<T>(a: v128): v128
  ```

>   <details><summary>Rounds to the nearest integer tied to even of each lane.</summary>

Reviewer: What does this mean?
